I am at guanga digital Plaza in Taiwan
and this place is flipping amazing it's
six stories of shops just like this one
packed floor to ceiling with t treasure
but is it a good place to buy a PC I'm
going to put it to the test but which
shop should I choose there's so many
options Sporting Goods has technology I
guess but not PC h two console I think
yeah ink is more Colton's
thing now we're getting closer ooh these
look like good deals but I want a game
oh my God Jake found the one it's up a
floor but like guys if I was going to
commission a system like this back home
it would cost a fortune I'm talking like
one of my cameraman's legs what what how
much about
$5,000 and that's just the starting at
price for one of main Gear's Apex Rush
systems coming with Hardline liquid
cooling and while that config has a
decent GPU they've got it backed up with
a core i5 CPU 16 gigs of RAM and just
512 gigs of storage I mean main gear I
know you guys make good stuff but who do
you think you are Apple I bet these guys
can do a little bit better and I bet I
can find someone to sponsor this like
Corsair the allnew K65 Plus Wireless
features preed Corsair mlx red linear
switches and connectivity options of 2.4
GHz Bluetooth or wired us USB learn more
at the link below step one is to
introduce myself and set a budget oh hi
do you like do build PCS like this here
yeah I want to play like the best games
at like 4K um I have a monitor I just
need a PC okay uh my budget is
$170,000 okay New Taiwan dollars of
course but I want something that looks
really cool like can you build this can
you build that yeah I build it you built
it yeah I was worried there could be a
language barrier with the shopkeeper but
as it turned out not only was his
English great but he said he's the one
who built those demo
systems step two play dumb I've always
believed that our character is
determined not by how we treat our peers
but by how we treat those who might be
in a vulnerable position so I am not
going to be flexing any of my tech
knowledge here how does it work I don't
know what parts I want I just know I
want something that can game at 4K um
like really really fast like like uh
with
um like I yeah like I don't want like
the one with the floppy tubes though
hard pipe okay yeah like if someone come
Iron Man do I like what Iron Man sure
yeah yeah sure I built a Iron Man and
the Cyber Punk before oh cool okay I
don't need it to have like a special
theme or anything though just like like
honestly just like a nice clean look
like that is pretty good okay um but can
I get it by
Friday this Friday yeah yeah I think so
you think you can do by Friday yeah I
think so okay I can give you a menu of
like like menu what I use inside oh I
mean yeah sure I don't know any of that
though so you just got to tell me you
got to tell me what's good for that
price okay yeah I I'm trusting you okay
okay again go around I'll just send you
a picture the okay menu and price okay
how about that okay oh that's perfect
okay sorry it was name right okay nice
to meet you okay thank you thank you
okay well that went pretty smoothly I
think so I'm committing to just handing
over the money regardless of what
quotation comes back let's see if they
give me a good deal or rip me off oh
buddy got back to me do I like white or
black I think I like white it is
mindblowing to me that we don't do more
of this back home he's just like yeah
what's your number can I just text you
boom sends me a gallery of systems like
yeah how do you want it white or black
what's your Vibe it's great it feels so
personal he ask what brands I like I
don't know what brand is good just
trusting you to put together the best
system that looks like you said awesome
and he keeps wanting to ask me he's like
do you want AMD Intel I'm like which one
should I get you tell me man let's go
give me a good system step three payment
I was legitimately pretty stressed at
this point I don't have any idea what my
work credit card limit is and accounting
is not going to be impressed when I hand
them a receipt for some computer in some
foreign currency with no tangible asset
to show for it what I'm going to carry
this thing home with me I'm going to
have to find someone to give this thing
away to before I leave but that's a
problem for another day just got the
quote time to pay my deposit on what I
think is going to be a pretty uh sick
system okay let's see if my car works
when I finish I'll write you a ticket
and again great and then I can come pick
up Friday yeah perfect you have it all
right yep should be good great okay
great so uh you'll message me on
Thursday or Friday yeah okay perfect
thank you very
much success eventually
uh shout out bank one for the you know
fraud detection this random $5,000
transaction over sees and I guess also
shout out Bank to for having my back and
making sure my money can be spent so end
up using that card sorry accounting
department we'll get it
reconciled now we play the waiting game
I can't believe it let me just tap a
card I didn't even have to enter my pin
just like Scribble on a touchcreen for
my signature and poof money gone let's
see what I get in
return I wouldn't blame you for thinking
does the world really need another
handheld gaming PC at this point here it
is my friends concrete proof that satire
is dead I think you can take notes
faster than that like the Speedy segue
to our sponsor Who's laughing now
Colton well he says it's ready good luck
everybody can't believe he finished in 3
days I don't know what this this is
sorry it's a
computer we oh we spent 5 grand on a
computer oh my God
us us the best part is we have
absolutely no way of transporting this
thing home so we're going to have to let
give it away or something oh okay all
right that's probably F oh
hi just uh picking up the system okay
wow that looks
awesome wow hold on I want to get a
picture of it so you did like a thermal
test already yeah awesome
I guess I should have asked this before
is there some warranty on the system or
how like how if I have a problem with it
can do you guys fix it yeah for how long
about a year one year okay great three
four years you can still find me oh okay
I came here on the bus Good Luck Good
Luck yeah
40K AG wow okay how many computers do
you guys build every day about five wow
wow okay
wow busy every day okay thank you thank
you very much good doing business with
you time thank you I
will you have any problem okay sounds
good thank you you know I got to say
other than the lack of a you know I
don't know card or something to carry
the system out of here that's about as
Boutique and experience as I could have
expected I mean he had it running a test
suite and everything right when I walked
in the door so I could see everything
running including thermal testing it's
all packed up nicely gave me all my
accessories seemed confused by the fact
that I wanted a receipt for such an
expensive purchase but other than that
pretty good
experience I want to know is this system
so custom that if he didn't give you a
receipt he would still know how to
warranty
it uh I mean he's only been at that
location he said for seven months so I
don't know how they would have known um
do they just take people's word for it
the level of trust seems pretty high I
mean he doesn't even leave his store
supervised so why did I choose a shop on
the fifth floor I don't know this is
very reminiscent of our early days
though know following you around a tech
hall or te spot you calling weird stuff
I thought you meant the early days of
the channel and I was going to say yeah
it was fun doing a video like this it's
so hard these days because like a lot of
the time people recognize me I wasn't
sure if he was going to know LT it's
possible he did but he just has a good
Poker Face I'm not sure cuz cuz I did
kind of seem like a real idiot no I
don't know what Intel is you know if I
was anywhere other than Taipei I would
not want to ride a bus with this thing
but we're not are
we okay so he said he builds four to
five systems a
day that about right uh in the shop yeah
probably I mean looking at how much
inventory they carrying probably not
systems like this but okay then why were
you surprised by 3 days
because I thought he might have to wait
for you know water blocks to come in
stock and stuff like that like there's a
lot of specialized Parts in here I
didn't think he'd necessarily have a
4090 on hand small shops back home stock
almost nothing when it comes to high-end
Hardware I mean look at the stuff we
cleared out of Keith's shop I don't know
enough about computer components like
I've heard of 490 but is the rest of
this really high in oh yeah I think you
guys are going to be pretty impressed
when we have a look at how this Stacks
up to that main gear system
finally let's have a look at what we got
haven't done an unboxing in a long time
I'm Rusty you help this no no I don't
need help I got
this dang it break it no I'm not going
to break it I'm not going to break
it okay oh right I forgot to mention
really good packaging by the way it's
double boxed and uses a really really
nice closed sell foam even though this
system is probably too heavy for the
packaging if it was a more reasonable
one I think it would survive shipping
pretty well not that they would normally
ship the systems to the customer at a
store like that it occurs to me I don't
know what the store is
called
oh not bad wow those ubben though okay
buddy's got skills let's get this side
panel off this
is so flipping clean it wasn't that long
ago that bixy would have been considered
a budget tier water cooling brand but I
got to say they do not look out of place
in this system and the craftsmanship of
these bends is just
outstanding this length right here is
the hardest one to nail because this one
or this one well you can always do the
bend and then make slight adjustments to
it after the fact this one right here
you can't adjust and he's got it
perfectly parallel to the rest of the
case that is awesome you know I'm
looking for flaws here and I just I
can't find them when an ignorant
customer gives you a budget you could
just not bother buying a vertical GPU
Mount you could just pocket the
difference you could not bother putting
in the extra work of grabbing a reverse
Direction fans so that from the inside
you know all the hubs are facing in but
they put in the work okay maybe The
Backs side maybe the cable management
sucks let's have a look not bad not bad
at all oh I found a flaw
Andy ah he's an Andy
man the peels are still on okay not a
flaw for my camera operator he's into
that yep I like peels
removed no keep there no no and while
we're back here we've got a seic vertex
1 1200 W fully modular power supply
multiple opportunities to cheap out
there chose not to all right time to
fire it up how convenient is it that our
hotel has a little gaming room look at
this are they odds you put English
Windows on
it may cuz they us speak English yeah
maybe let's hope you ready big moment
let's do it here we
[Music]
go wo wow
oh wow
buddy when the instruction is make it
look awesome and you deliver this you
followed the instructions this looks
great man I'm just admiring again how
parallel these tubes are this one coming
off the reservoir is perfectly aligned
with the one coming off the GPU which
again he had to spend extra in order to
achieve to put in these spacers
I can't find a cut corner at least not
yet what about the spec maybe main gear
comes out ahead there conveniently we
can check that with the pre-loaded it of
64 extreme very nice it's a trial
version which technically not what
you're supposed to do but let's have a
look at the specs
here oh my God Andy what main gear just
got taken for a walk they had a core i5
right this has a 7950
x3d top chip on the market okay they had
a 4080 super which is pretty okay
490 they had 16 gigs of RAM I'm looking
at wait wait wait wait wait hold on oh I
don't know how about 64 what do we got
for storage whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoo dude they had 512
gigs of storage this
has eight times that amount okay it was
a little sloppy leaving my uninitialized
drive that's not great it's a lot better
than not having
it how are we doing for bloatware though
IO 64 ryzen Master furm Mark obviously
those are not part of a bare Windows
install but I don't consider them
malicious in any way so I'm okay with
that MSI Center Nvidia drive I'm the one
who put OBS on
it nothing
zero bloat wear I feel like this is too
good to be true though no one can be
perfect
oh I got something Expo is not enabled
and my Ram is running at 3600 megat
transfers per second that is very slow
for a rizon system let's see if we can
turn it on to his credit though that's a
nice up-to-date bios love to see that
okay Moment of Truth did he validate
Expo and maybe it just reset we're going
to find out
does that bky CPU block have a coolant
temperature LCD on it 3 hours later no
post oh wait wait it changed the code
changed from 15 to 64 oh who Who whoo oh
oh oh uhoh the good news is the fix
should be as simple as removing half of
the memory still giving me twice as much
as my main gear would have had as long
as I can actually get it out the the um
water tubes are a little bit in the way
still no dice but I do have an idea it's
been a long time since I've seen this
really matter but I noticed that my two
dual Channel kits you can tell from the
serial numbers are separated so here's
the two I pulled out before which
were're in a dual Channel pair and
here's the one I pulled out just now
one10 that's a kit and the one that's in
there in this one are another kit
usually doesn't make that big of a
difference but if the sticks have
different ic's on them it can cause
compatibility issues especially running
at maximum speed wait no
way was that it dude okay I haven't seen
that in years that's like ancient
troubleshooting from the Dark Times 5600
megga
transfers that's it's such a simple
error you open up two kits you just have
all four sticks you put them in in any
order and 50/50 chance you get it wrong
let's put the other two back yeah yeah
yeah let's put the other two back let's
see I'm going to give it one more chance
and then I'm going to pull those two
sticks and we're going to call it 32
gigs yeah well there you have it it
wouldn't be an LTT video without a
little bit of troubleshooting and I
still consider it a win for the system
configuration but I'm not super thrilled
about my memory running at 3600 megat
transfers per second by default and
needing to spend bunch of time moving
memory sticks around in order to get
5600 which on this platform would result
in a measurable performance difference H
I just noticed Google Chrome was
pre-installed too it's one of the first
things that I install so I just didn't
really register it
but questionable while this is some
stress tests why don't we have a look at
how the shop handled all of our included
accessories okay good power cable in a
pretty obvious spot right here all
manuals included extra cables included
for our power Supply pretty much as
expected gpus don't come with much in
the way of accessories these days but
the reason I want to open this one up is
I want to see what he did with the stock
cooler because that card is not water
cooled by default this is s tier this is
exactly what I would do if I was taking
the time to do it myself he pulled out
every screw obviously to get the block
on and he put every screw back in where
it goes so putting this card back
together is as simple as undoing it
remembering everything putting the PCB
back in the middle and doing it all back
up if there's one thing that I could
criticize it's that you know maybe I
would cover up this thermal paste so it
doesn't you know get goop on my hands
when I'm trying to handle it in the
future that's really such a nitpick
though this is really good so there's my
two kits of memory one of which works at
a time legit Windows 11 can't take that
for granted in smaller shops but there
it is right there it's worth noting that
we did find some minor errors but I'm
still extremely happy for the price
buddy was ex extremely responsive and
the customer service was maybe too much
he messaged me at 2:30 in the morning
last night being like did you set it up
it's a fair assumption that someone who
just bought a $5,000 gaming PC is
probably up all night playing on it but
maybe not 2:30 in the morning next time
still it's cool to have that
personalized touch and I genuinely felt
like he just wanted to know if I love
the system let's go find out if we love
it not bad 10 minutes of fur Mark and
Prime 95 blend nothing has crashed and
the hot spot on this GPU is under
70 and okay it doesn't get that quiet
at idle but it isn't any louder under
load so I consider this extremely
acceptable let's fire up a real game
casual 350 FPS at 4K anyone sure why not
well it works great I think it's time
for us to take this out and find
somebody to give it to we're going to
keep it simple the first person who
walks up and says hi they get a computer
mainly I just don't want to carry it for
very
long maybe I'll walk to the bakery I
Like feel
ridiculous if we were at the show floor
we'd probably have better luck
hello are
you sorry are
you how do I pronounce yeah hi I love
your videos oh uh thank you it's a it's
an honor to meet you oh cool so it's
your lucky day yes it's it's very lucky
for me toet no no no you you don't know
though you don't you don't know why it's
your lucky day because I'm giving that
computer to the first person who
recognizes me on the street
D I don't know what to say I'm in shock
thank you is this
real you might need to get an Uber or a
taxi or something I can give you some
cash to take a cab cuz I think your bike
is going to be uh not able to carry
it all the accessories are in there all
the cables and everything like that
congratulations enjoy your computer and
thank you so much and enjoy this segue
to my sponsor vessie here in Vancouver
we learned these past couple of weeks
that just because it's June doesn't mean
we're free of rainstorms quite yet but
thankfully we have a secret weapon
vessie they claim their shoes are
extremely waterproof thanks to their
diatex technology so even that June
Monsoon won't leave us shaking in our
Boots the stormburst shoes are now
available in lowprofile form so they're
breathable and comfortable in the summer
it's rugged rubber outs soole with extra
grip means you can take on the trails
bike on on the beach or simply get to
work without a second thought head over
to vy.com Linus techtips and get 15% off
your first purchase if you guys enjoyed
this video why not check out the time I
built a computer at a tech Mall in China